Def Method has been in business for over five months. Since I'm a software
developer by trade, one of the first things I did was secure a web
address. Then I got myself a Twitter handle for the business. I signed up
for a Google Apps account and hooked up my email account. I had a logo
designed for me and even ordered business cards. I did all of the things
I thought were necessary to get a business up and running and into the
public eye.

And I showed no one.

I never advertised my website. I didn't give out many business cards.
I never so much as typed the words "Def Method" in a tweet. Hell, I didn't
even update my LinkedIn account, so apologies to everyone who wished me
a work anniversary at the company from which I resigned.

Until recently I would have given you very convincing reasons why I didn't
want to release this material to the public. I would have said, for
example, that flying under the radar was to my advantage. I would have
pointed to the significant business that I generated through word of
mouth. I even envisioned and could articulate a business where I didn't
ever advertise at all. I would become a super-exclusive, super-reclusive
company that was nevertheless highly sought-after.

Looking back, it's easy to see why I didn't "release" my website, Twitter
account, or LinkedIn updates. I was afraid of failure. I am very
self-conscious about my website because I don't think it's as good as the
competition's. I didn't want to give out business cards because the logo
wasn't exactly what I wanted. And I let these factors keep me from
announcing (on LinkedIn and elsewhere) what I so clearly wanted everyone
to know: simply put, I'm in business!

Lucky for me, I have friends who aren't afraid to give it to me straight.
I pined about the trouble I'm having refining Def Method's message to
friends and colleagues. I talked about inability to come up with something
brand new to say. I would highlight the difficulty in distinguishing one's
business from the heap of others that look and sound just like it. I got
great advise and feedback from these people, but the best of it was from
Eric Schmalzbauer of Pivotal Labs:

"Just f&!#ing ship it!"

Isn't it funny, Eric, continued, how relentlessly we apply this mantra in
software consulting while ignoring it in our own lives. He's absolutely
right. I've long prided myself on my ability to get businesses shipping
software frequently. They, too, have often stalled out of the gate. They,
too, often have convincing arguments for not shipping their website, their
brand new feature, or their brand new product line. My value is in knowing
with certainty that we can ship what we have, gather feedback, and improve
the product.

Now it's time to apply this same principle to Def Method. My website has
"shipped," warts and all. My profiles have been updated. My colleagues
have been notified. Def Method is in business.

