Why hire Def Method?

Software consulting is highly competitive. In big cities like New York, you have dozens of options. Def Method's offers both on site and remote composers (software developers) depending on your needs. But even this is not unique. So what distinguishes Def Method from all the rest?

Look no further than our team of Executive Producers. At a record label, the executive producer oversees the creation of a musical work. They are the glue that keeps the business and creative ends functioning together and at a high level. A Def Method Executive Producer can truly do it all - they can offer business and technical advise, look at the big picture, direct your project at any level, and when it's needed, roll up their sleeves and dig into the code. EPs have years of industry experience at companies of all different sizes. They differ from project managers in their ability to write code that's every bit as good as our composers. They differ from technical anchors in their ability to look at the big picture, communicate effectively with your stakeholders, and ensure that your project is always on target. EPs garner the respect of their peers and our clients through hard work and exceptional attention to detail.

Even the best executive producer at a record label would fall short of success if the label didn't hire the best and the brightest talent. Def Method Composers are outstanding software developers, experienced in consulting and with long histories of delivering results. How can you be sure they're good? Each Composer is a software consultant in his or her own right. We don't hire consultants; we contract with the best of what's available. If an engineer is representing Def Method, they're doing it because we can offer them a great working environment and outstanding compensation. It also means that every Composer that works on your project is there not because they have to be but because they sincerely believe in your work and want to watch it succeed.

Finally, Def Method is a small, opinionated consulting shop. This gives us a certain amount of freedom in selecting our clients. Def Method works with the best and most promising clients.

Find out more with a free consultation!
